Hello my name is Andrei and today
I wanted to talk to you about printing by
tissue further and today we will talk about
thermal transfer printing than
thermal transfer printing is responsible
sublimation so that thermal transfer
mostly done on natural
tissues and it looks like it’s like
but here's a penny such
where the picture as a sticker turns out
to make a thermo transport seal
you will need a printer for this
whether inkjet or laser paper for
thermal transfer they have different movie
firms of different sizes and different quality
here is a special paper which, when
laser printers which is for printers
slender here the paint is used there
very ordinary but well, I
sublimation ink printer but to me
it never bothered
I am obtained for ordinary to mad
shirts sympathetic colored here
let's see what the result will not yet
I know much already printed a picture
I hope not banned for what I'm missing
other people's pictures will print here not
need to make a gift t-shirt sail
T-shirts I bought the cheapest
further in my for 30 hryvnia in phase
in Odessa pose for sale in bundles
empty t-shirts for 30 hryvnia before
20 is now 30 are shorter than a dollar
jumped
jumped everything gets expensive shorter nightmare on
soon we will all die and have already set up your
hear the pie press the face here
180 degrees and 20 seconds here first
we are doing a little extinguish football
center and dry for at two three 4 5
seconds further we need to put
something they have to paint
Sublimation principle any dye under
temperature from this paper has
property to penetrate to the other side i
I substitute ordinary plain paper
framed
I took the paper of the company lomond 1 di 1 sheet
worth
but as a t-shirt costs 30 hryvnia or
stop 10 hryvnia a total plus
paint
let it be somewhere 40 hryvnia worth your
products
here is your sadness inserted covering the whole
it turns out the cheapest turns out
the cheapest most reliable print for
those who want to do well here on
natural cheap t-shirts because
sublimation if done turns on
printing is cheaper but the products are expensive and not
so easy to find them so now we need
something helmet i have mega cheeks
we catch breeder
and pull the fig
fun wrong pulling off a piece of paper and here
what we did look at me
such a boy with a cream here
pictures all adore you I don’t remember good luck
how in Russian
Well, in general, it does not matter in short all be
happy subscribe to my channel
put likes if anyone is interested in such
T-shirts with such drawings someone wants
order something someone wants something
ask, I will gladly send you
I can live in Russia sends it but it
will go far far though if not
take your time and in russia came out like this
Ukraine will be glad to order
collaborate everyone thank you everyone bye
no i still want to see how i have
get on a green T-shirt
members of the green of such a bad color
I use paper by the way for light
tissue
straight land
the picture was a little yellow picture
probably long
beget
listen harvester nightmare shorter now in
Odessa is the same rench just stupid
it is possible that on the street that the rooms are bent
but also near the hot press are so
at all
yes I forgot a piece of paper under not sleeping
Well, I hope not reprinted much let's
watch what happened
quite nice
on t-shirts
2 all all bye